You can read spec sheets all day long, but
when it comes time to choose a pistol,
nothing matters if it doesn't feel right.
And if you want a polymer frame pistol
with superb ergonomics, absolute safety,
and extraordinary precision,
the Steyr family of A1 pistols can't be
beat.
The A1 is available in a range of grip
sizes and barrel lengths,
but unifying them all is Steyr's
insistence on making this feel better in
your hand than any other pistol out there.
But the design isn't all about comfort.
Steyr's pistols virtually eliminate the
muzzle rise found in most pistols,
allowing you to come back on target
quicker when precious seconds count. The
Steyr line also utilizes a sighting
system that's unique among all
manufacturers. Instead of traditional
three-dot sights, the trapezoidal sights
on the Steyer come into line extremely
quickly, forming a triangle that alerts
you to the precise moment you're back on
target.
Choosing the right pistol is about finding
the gun that feels like an extension of
you, responding exactly when and how you
expect it to.
And when it comes to superior ergonomics,
safety, and precision,
nothing beats a Steyr. Steyr. Count on
it.